Update login-to-openshift.md (#324)
bcgov/platform-developer-docs: src/docs/openshift-projects-and-access/login-to-openshift.md

When you log in to the Silver cluster OpenShift console, you have the option of using GitHub or your Azure AD IDIR. Github login requires membership of the `bcgov` or `bcgov-c` organisations and [linking to an IDIR account](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/use-github-in-bcgov/bc-government-organizations-in-github/#organizations-in-github). 

You have to log in with IDIR into the OpenShift console once before you can associate any role bindings with the IDIR account.

![Image of authorization options](../../images/OCP4%20cluster%20authentication%20login%20page%20showing%20github%20and%20azure%20ad%20idir%20as%20options.png)

## Information for developers

> We have updated the [Platform Product Registry](https://registry.developer.gov.bc.ca/) to use IDIR user accounts and B.C. government email identifiers for product owners and technical leads to ensure that namespace administrative-level controls are tied to an account that we have more control over. Make sure all contractors listed as technical leads for projects on the platform have active IDIR accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Platform Product Registry](https://registry.developer.gov.bc.ca/) now uses IDIR user accounts and B.C. government email identifiers for product owners and technical leads. This ensures that namespace administrative-level controls are linked to accounts we can manage. Make sure all contractors listed as technical leads for projects on the platform have active IDIR accounts.
```
